SE-11430 (#92)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/cloudhub-networking-guide.adoc

The CloudHub load balancing service does round robin load distribution across workers, which allows workers to scale linearly as they receive more requests. The load balancing service also provides transparent switchover when an application is upgraded. See xref:managing-applications-on-cloudhub.adoc[Managing Applications on CloudHub].

> Each application deployed on CloudHub has a `CNAME` record that refers to the load balancer, for example `myapp.cloudhub.io`. Mule applications deployed on CloudHub must listen on `0.0.0.0` and the ports assigned by CloudHub for HTTP and HTTPS. 

Reviewer: This is incorrect wording in that it sounds like an app can listen on more than one port. Please change wording to "Mule apps deployed in CloudHub must listen on host `0.0.0.0` and to either the HTTP port (8081) or to the HTTPS port (8082)."

----

[IMPORTANT]
On the Mule worker, the CloudHub load balancer automatically proxies the `http.port` `:80` to port `:8081` for HTTP and the `https.port` `:443` to `:8082` for HTTPS. +
If other values for `http.port` and `https.port` are specified in the `mule-app.properties` file, these are overwritten at deployment time.

[NOTE]
--

> For each request a client makes through CloudHub's load balancer (_myapp.cloudhub.io_), the load balancer maintains two connections. One connection ​is from​ the client and one is to your worker.  For each connection, the load balancer manages an idle timeout of 300 seconds that is triggered when no data is sent over ​either​ connection. If no data is sent or received during this time period, the load balancer closes ​both connections.

Reviewer: Italics are not supported in our style. Please cast in tick marks.

[cols="2*a"]
|===
|*myapp.cloudhub.io* |Load balancer. Ports 80 and 443 forward to  `${http.port}` and `${https.port}` respectively.
|*mule-worker-myapp.cloudhub.io* |The external IP address of the Mule workers. Public HTTP services are exposed on: `${http.port}` and `${https.port}`

> |*mule-worker-internal-myapp.cloudhub.io* |The internal IP address of the Mule workers. The IP addresses for this DNS record are accessible only within a customer's private xref:virtual-private-cloud.adoc[Anypoint VPC]. *These IPs are not accessible for workers running in the MuleSoft shared VPC.* Internal HTTP services are exposed on: `${http.private.port}` and `${https.private.port}`. The default assigned ports are 8091 and 8092 respectively, and cannot be changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|*mule-worker-internal-myapp.cloudhub.io* |The internal IP address of the Mule workers. The IP addresses for this DNS record are accessible only within a customer's private xref:virtual-private-cloud.adoc[Anypoint VPC]. *These IP addresses are not accessible for workers running in the MuleSoft shared VPC.* Internal HTTP services are exposed on: `${http.private.port}` and `${https.private.port}`. The default assigned ports are 8091 and 8092 respectively, and cannot be changed.
```

> |*mule-worker-internal-myapp.cloudhub.io* |The internal IP address of the Mule workers. The IP addresses for this DNS record are accessible only within a customer's private xref:virtual-private-cloud.adoc[Anypoint VPC]. *These IPs are not accessible for workers running in the MuleSoft shared VPC.* Internal HTTP services are exposed on: `${http.private.port}` and `${https.private.port}`. The default assigned ports are 8091 and 8092 respectively, and cannot be changed.

Reviewer: Our translation style is to only put field items in bold and not to use bold for emphasis per "*These IP addresses are not accessible for workers running in the MuleSoft shared VPC.*"  Please use a NOTE instead. Same with the bolds in the first column -- those aren't field names, so no bolding.

|===

> Deploying to a region also affects your internal and external worker DNS address. For example, if you deploy in Europe, the DNS records for internal and external IP addresses are `mule-worker-myapp.eu.cloudhub.io` and `mule-worker-internal-myapp.eu.cloudhub.io`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deploying to a region also affects your internal and external worker DNS address. For example, if you deploy in Ireland, the DNS records for internal and external IP addresses are `mule-worker-myapp.ir-e1.cloudhub.io` and `mule-worker-internal-myapp.ir-e1.cloudhub.io`.
```

== Firewall Rules and Port Access

> The only two ports exposed externally are `${http.port}` and `${https.port}` (by default 8081 and 8082 respectively). If you want to access other ports, you can do so through the xref:virtual-private-cloud.adoc[*Anypoint Virtual Private Cloud (Anypoint VPC)*] offering.

Reviewer: Another use of bold for emphasis: [*Anypoint Virtual Private Cloud (Anypoint VPC)*] -- remove the stars

> Additional ports can be opened inside the Anypoint VPC, for example, for JMX based monitoring. In order  to do so, refer to the Firewall Rules section in xref:virtual-private-cloud.adoc#firewall-rules[Anypoint VPC documentation].

Reviewer: Too verbose: please change "In order  to do so, refer" to "Refer" or "See"
